Adds Chaskiq to Custom communication systems (#2501)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

- [BluetoothCommunicatorExample](https://github.com/niedev/BluetoothCommunicatorExample) - Bluetooth LE chat app to communicate between android devices with P2P architecture. ([Clients](https://github.com/niedev/RTranslator)) `Apache-2.0` `Java`
- [Centrifugo](https://github.com/centrifugal/centrifugo) - Language-agnostic real-time messaging (Websocket or SockJS) server. ([Demo](https://github.com/centrifugal/centrifugo#demo)) `MIT` `Go`

> - [Chaskiq](https://chaskiq.io) - Full featured livechat, helpcenter and CRM as an alternative to Intercom & Drift, Crisp and others. ([Source Code](https://github.com/chaskiq/chaskiq)) `AGPLv3` `Ruby`

Author: ```suggestion
- [Chaskiq](https://chaskiq.io) - Full featured livechat, helpcenter and CRM as an alternative to Intercom & Drift, Crisp and others. ([Source Code](https://github.com/chaskiq/chaskiq)) `AGPL-3.0` `Ruby`
```
